
## 1. Building Open Spiel

Open Spiel has many optional dependencies. Alpha Zero needs the C++ API of TensorFlow.
For a given TensorFlow installation, this can be imported by getting the installation path. And setting up the environment variables `CPATH`, `LIBRARY_PATH`, `LD_LIBRARY_PATH` accordingly: 
```bash
PKGS=$(pip show tensorflow | cut -d' ' -f 2)
TF_PATH=$PKGS/tensorflow
CPATH="$TF_PATH/include":$CPATH
LIBRARY_PATH=$TF_PATH
LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$TF_PATH
```

## 2. Forking Open Spiel
To add support for the Mean Payoff Games. We forked `open_spiel` and added the following changes:
- Adding support for generating new environments (C++).
- Adding the logic of mean payoff games in C++
- Rewriting Alpha Zero's Python and C++ implementation to support TensorFlow 2
- Adding a single machine alpha zero pipeline in Python

Known Issues:
- Original C++ implementation of Alpha Zero is crashing
- Alpha Zero Implementation is based on the outdated TensorFlow 1

## 3. Alpha Zero
The alpha zero algorithm trains the agent by:
1. Generating a dataset of (valuation,policy) by self-playing using Monte Carlo Tree Search.
2. Learning from the generated dataset
3. Evaluating the dataset against predefined agents

To speed up the execution time, we will run these steps concurrently.
Furthermore, steps 1 and 3 can have each many instances

To achieve this, we will introduce the terms:
1. Actor, for algorithm 1
2. Learner, for algorithm 2
3. Evaluator for algorithm 3

## 4. Single Machine Implementation
- We will set up $n$ actors, $1$ learner and $m$ evaluators by creating $n+m+1$ threads. 
- We will setup a bidirectional queue $Q_{\text{A},\text{L}}$ between each actor and the learner
- We will setup a bidirectional queue $Q_{\text{L},\text{E}}$ between each evaluator and the learner
- The actor will act on its queue $Q_{\text{A},\text{L}}$ by inserting the generated plays
- The learner will act on $Q_{\text{A},\text{L}}$ and $Q_{\text{L},\text{E}}$ by inserting the weights of the model
- The evaluator will act on $Q_{\text{L},\text{E}}$ by inserting the performance results of the model

## 5. Cluster Implementation
We will need a potential messaging framework
We will also need to setup up automatically the HPC cluster by creating the actors, evaluators, learner nodes.
